docs: fixed typos and grammatical errors (#40966)
electron/electron: docs/tutorial/performance.md

  - [Measure, Measure, Measure](#measure-measure-measure)
    - [Recommended Reading](#recommended-reading)
  - [Checklist: Performance recommendations](#checklist-performance-recommendations)
    - [1. Carelessly including modules](#1-carelessly-including-modules)
      - [Why?](#why)
      - [How?](#how)
    - [2. Loading and running code too soon](#2-loading-and-running-code-too-soon)
      - [Why?](#why-1)
      - [How?](#how-1)
    - [3. Blocking the main process](#3-blocking-the-main-process)
      - [Why?](#why-2)
      - [How?](#how-2)
    - [4. Blocking the renderer process](#4-blocking-the-renderer-process)
      - [Why?](#why-3)
      - [How?](#how-3)
    - [5. Unnecessary polyfills](#5-unnecessary-polyfills)
      - [Why?](#why-4)
      - [How?](#how-4)
    - [6. Unnecessary or blocking network requests](#6-unnecessary-or-blocking-network-requests)
      - [Why?](#why-5)
      - [How?](#how-5)
    - [7. Bundle your code](#7-bundle-your-code)
      - [Why?](#why-6)
      - [How?](#how-6)
    - [8. Call `Menu.setApplicationMenu(null)` when you do not need a default menu](#8-call-menusetapplicationmenunull-when-you-do-not-need-a-default-menu)
      - [Why?](#why-7)

>       - [How?](#how-7)

Reviewer: Appreciate the fixes, but we actually don't want to include the Performance header and items like Why/How in this list as it makes it too verbose. Could you please revert this part to how it was previously?

The reasoning behind this recommendation is best illustrated with a real-world
example. During the early days of Electron, reliable detection of network

> connectivity was a problem, resulting in many apps to use a module that exposed a

Reviewer: I think this is still incorrect:
```suggestion
connectivity was a problem, resulting in many apps using a module that exposed a
```
